*
Welcome to the demo level of the game Circus Monster! Press Enter to continue.
Controls: WASD - move charatcer, Space - shoot, E - action button, Enter - skip message, P - pause menu.
Thank you for trying this game, hope you will enjoy it!
*/
...
Well, this doesn't look like circus... 
It's more like a... prison.
...
Anyway, I need to clean this place and get out of here.
Oh wait, there is a door over there! I think I should clean the room behind it as well...
Hope I will have enough time for it after I finish cleaning this area.
*
Time limit in the upper right corner shows how much time you have before the game ends.
Try to finish the cleaning before you run out of time to unlock the secret area.
Time left after completing this part of the game will be your time limit for unlocking the door.
*/
Okay, let's start now.
I just have to step over the garbage to collect it. 
Yeah, that's not the most interesting job in the world, but I really need some money...
Come on, Jake! You need to finish this and finally take off this stupid janitor uniform!
I really need to stop talking to myself now... Let's go!!
/
Argh, that's so boring!!
Let's make it more interesting...
Hm...
Oh, I know! I will cast fireballs to kill garbage!
He-he, that should be awesome!
*
Press Space to cast a fireball.
You can only cast one fireball at a time, so be careful while aiming.
*/
/
Meh, still boring...
I need to make this more epic.
Wait a second... Monsters make everything epic!
OH I SWEAR TO GOD THIS WILL BE SOOO EPIC!
Let the show begin!!
/
Ha! That was easy!
Stupid monsters. I wish they could fire at me, that would be a real combat...
Well, maybe next time. Okay, I have to check the door now.
Hm, I see a lock on it. That means... I have nothing else to clean here! I'M FREE!
...
.....
Oh, who am I kidding, I'm curious about that door now...
Let's see if I have time to investigate.
:
Great, I still have some time left! 
There is a sign on the door, however.
"FOR TAMERS ONLY"
...
Obviously, I am not allowed inside. But I think I may be able to pick the lock...
I know it's illegal, but no one will know...
...
.....
Okay, I will just see what's inside and go away! That's it!
I'll look on the lock then.
The mechanism of this lock is similar to the safe combination lock.
I just need to move the dial in right directions.
I don't know the password, but it seems like there are scratches on it...
Looks like the password has been the same for many years and the dial left traces on the surface.
I think I can pick this lock then!
*
Follow the lines around the lock to put together a 4-digit password.
The starting point is at zero and it doesn't count as a part of the password.
Use left and right arrow keys to move the dial and Enter button to select the number.
Select 0 to reset the password you've entered.
Your time limit will be displayed in the upper right corner.
Once the time is up, the game is over. Good luck!
*/
/
Yay, I opened it, I'm sooo awesome!
Now it's time to see what's inside!
(Hope I won't be eaten by a hungry lion...)
 *sound of the door opening*
Um.. What?
...
....
...Is that a human being?
But... Why does it have horns?..
Hey, over there, can you speak?
(Well, that wasn't the best idea ever, it will probably eat me now...)
Hm, I think it moved a little...
 *footsteps*
Oh, someone is coming!
I guess it's the security guy, I was told he would come at this time.
Anyway, I need to close this door before anyone sees me!
 *closes the door*
:
Oh, looks like I have no time for that..
Well, next time I will find out what was inside!
Just because I'm a crazy guy who doesn't care about rules and seeks for danger!
Whoa, that sounded really cool.
Okay, see you next time, mysterious door!
&